RF md filter: Do not return only NA values when thresholding (#2713)
mlr-org/mlr: NEWS.md

- `filterFeatures()`: Arg `thresh` was not working correctly when applied to ensemble filters. (@annette987, #2699)
- Fixed incorrect ranking of ensemble filters. Thanks @annette987 (#2698)

> - Fixed problem of random forest minimal depth filter returning all NA values. Should only return NAs for features below the threshold. (@annette987, #2710)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue which caused the random forest minimal depth filter to only return NA values when using thresholding. 
  NAs should only be returned for features below the given threshold. (@annette987, #2710)
```

Please move this point to the section for the current dev version.
